Add docs for new normalize function. (#784)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/functions/index.adoc

| `ltrim(input :: STRING) :: STRING`
| Returns the given `STRING` with leading whitespace removed.

1.2+| xref::functions/string.adoc#functions-normalize[`normalize()`]
| `normalize(input :: STRING) :: STRING`

> | Returns the given `STRING` normalized using the normal form 'NFC'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Returns the given `STRING` normalized using the normal form `NFC`.
```

| `ltrim(input :: STRING) :: STRING`
| Returns the given `STRING` with leading whitespace removed.

1.2+| xref::functions/string.adoc#functions-normalize[`normalize()`]

> | `normalize(input :: STRING) :: STRING`
> | Returns the given `STRING` normalized using the normal form `NFC`.

Reviewer 2: Just to make the 2 entries consistent.
```suggestion
| `normalize(input :: STRING) :: STRING`
| Returns the given `STRING` normalized according to the normalization form `NFC`.
```
